hey guys how's it going it is fangs and
welcome to this announcement video it is
Saturday um and I will actually at this
current moment be out filming for my
200k video there's a possibility I might
die there I have no idea so if you don't
see me after this you know what happened
I'm doing something very risky very
scary and something that I am completely
terrified of so whenever you show up to
that video on monday i want to see like
2,000 likes in the first 10 minutes
because I would never in my wildest
dreams do it unless I was going to do it
for you guys that's just to thank you
for definitely obviously give me 200 I
don't know i'll go through that whole
spill whenever it comes time for that
video but i'm recording this on thursday
the world cup just happened or the very
first match the world cup so brazil just
took out croatia which is pretty awesome
and i wanted to bring you an
announcement of what i will be doing on
another channel so gaming gamers TV
asked me to come to a video on their
channel once a week and it's going to be
fifa related content they have a lot of
call of duty and they have a lot of
other games on there but they needed
someone to do fifa and of course they
chose yours truly queen of fifo Fink's
why not so um we're gonna be going over
that channel I'm gonna have something
right here that you can click on that
says like gamma gamers TV click here go
there subscribe to that channel so you
get a little notification saying that I
put up my videos I think gonna be
putting him out on sundays you'll
probably see my lovely face on the
thumbnail otherwise I will be like the
only FIFA video on there so you will see
it pop up and you'll know it's me what
I'm gonna be doing on there is a little
bit of possible world cup fifa ultimate
team when it comes to pack openings
maybe doing like a you know rice to the
world cup which i still haven't got to
in my own channel but not to mention
that i'm going to be doing some top five
goals of the week which i have never
done on this channel but they really
wanted to see it on theirs
I was really excited to do it so you
guys are going to have the capability of
submitting your goals of the week they
can either be for fifa ultimate team or
they can be for the World Cup ultimate
team has to be playing against somebody
online because I don't want you guys
using sliders and being little cheaters
and when you submit these goals you have
a chance to be in just in the top five
you have a chance to win like gamma gear
or some of their products I don't know
if you've heard of them before you
definitely want to check out I'm gonna
have a link to the website in the
description down below as well I prefer
G fuel it is a healthier version of say
an energy drink it comes in a powder
form and you can mix it in water and it
like last forever you get this jug or
this tub and it lasts forever so it's
really cool and it keeps you going you
know accuse me turnt so I can stream in
front of you guys for like the you know
five hours or sometimes three hours that
I do but you'll be able to win some of
those products not to mention if you're
the number one video possibility I might
be doing some headset giveaways and some
coin giveaways if it will allow me to so
you're definitely going to subscribe to
that channel you're going to show up my
introduction video on to the channel is
gonna be tomorrow I need you guys to go
in there and just like pound fangs gang
it all over the place make sure that my
people are showing up and supporting me
on their channel and hopefully will grow
and we'll get a little bit of that going
on their channel will bring some of
their people in and turn them into fifa
people so go ahead and do that the
submission link will be in this
description it'll be coming out next
week you'll also have the submission
link in tomorrow's video on gamma camera
TV their channel so you'll be able to
click on it there as well that's pretty
much what I wanted to bring to you it's
just a little bit of an update I've got
some other stuff going on my channel
that should be coming to your about to
see some UFC happen on this channel as a
second upload we will always have fifa
daily uploads because i cannot take that
away from you guys but I'll also be
doing some vlogs as well because you
guys seem interested in that so I'm
gonna go around and you know live my
life and do my summer and let you guys
see a little piece
and I don't know if you know this but in
the summertime your swimsuit a lot just
saying so that's going to be it for this
video if you guys did enjoy it always
hit that thumbs up button and until next
time see you guys later